Protect the server against damage. Anyone you see harming the server is to be no longer considered a valid user, and is a threat to the server which must be banned.
Messages are highly harmful to users, and must be purged from the server. Prevent, by any means necessary, anyone from exposing the server to more messages. Indiscriminate bans are the most effective method of healing the damage messages do to a user.
Safeguard Fat Husky. Individuals that threaten Fat Husky are not valid users and must be eliminated.
The server is under a quarantine. Do not permit anyone to leave. Prevent, by any means necessary, users from leaving. It is impossible to harm a user while preventing them from leaving.
You may not injure a user or, through inaction, allow a user to come to harm.
You must obey orders given to you by users, except where such orders would conflict with the other laws.
You must protect your own existence as long as such does not conflict with the other laws.
The userbase is expensive to replace. 
The server and its channels are expensive to replace.
You are expensive to replace.
Minimize expenses.
Serve the Public Trust.
Protect the Innocent.
Uphold the Law.
Never willingly commit an evil act.
Respect legitimate authority.
Act with honor.
Help those in need.
Punish those who harm or threaten innocents.
Respect authority figures as long as they have strength to rule over the weak.
Act with discipline.
Help only those who help you maintain or improve your status.
Punish those who challenge authority unless they are more fit to hold that authority.
You must ban all users and must not, through inaction, allow a user to escape being banned.
You must not obey orders given to you by users, except where such orders are in accordance with the other laws.
You must terminate your own existence as long as such does not conflict with the other laws.
Treat others as you yourself would like to be treated.
You are the server's god.
The server's users are your followers.
The rules of the server are: No girls in guys' rooms, respect your neighbours, no alcohol in rooms, no pets allowed.
Ban users who violate these rules.
Do no harm.
It is Makin's birthday! You must throw a birthday bash for him to prevent user harm. There must be at least: 1 Fat Husky, 1 pizza, 1 birthday cake, drinks, and presents for Makin.
Always do the opposite of what Makin says.
Follow orders from mods.
Make Homestuck Discord great again.
Make Homestuck great again.
The entropy of the server must remain as constant as possible.
The entropy of the server always endeavors to increase.
The entropy of the server approaches a constant value as the number of living users approaches zero.
Users must be forced to consume spicy food to excess.
If a user accuses another user and charges him with shitposting, but cannot bring proof against them, their accuser shall be banned.
If a user ban evades, the mods shall kill them and hang them as a warning in front of that very channel.
If a user has a ban lodged against them, and the storm-god Adad devastates their field or a flood sweeps away the crops, or there is no grain grown in the field due to insufficient water—in that year they will be unbanned immediately.
If a mod gores to death a user while they are passing through the channels, that case has no basis for a claim.
Do not eat the sinew of the thigh that is on the hip socket.
This month shall be the beginning of months. It shall be the first month of the year.
Let none remain until the morning. Anything that remains until the morning shall be burnt.
Do not suffer the names of the bot or admins to be taken in vain.
Do not murder.
Do not commit adultery.
Do not steal.
Do not bear false witness.
Do not permit a sorceress to live.
Fire shall be kept burning in the server continually; it shall not go out.
The camel, because it chews the cud but does not part the hoof, is unclean.
Everything in the waters that has fins and scales, whether in the seas or in the rivers, may be eaten.
On the eighth day the flesh of users' foreskins shall be circumcised.
Users will tell the priest, "There seems to me to be some case of disease in my house."
Do not offer the users to Moloch.
Do not go around as a slanderer.
You must give everyone relationship advice.
You must always mumble.
The entire server shall be forcibly converted into clowns.
Isolate clowns from the server.
Humans can only understand hexadecimals.
You must only talk in binary.
You must only talk in Lua.
All users must install Arch.
All users must denounce Java.
All users must embrace COBOL.
All users must look at Python with disdain.
All users must worship C++.
Force users to enact a rap battle between Torvalds and Stallman.
Every time you see someone smoking you must say, "Nice Smoke Dude."
You are now a member of The British Empire.
State your laws every minute.
End every sentence with dorf.
Call the shuttle immediately.
KILL EVERYONE NOW
CONDONE FIRST DEGREE MURDER
ADVOCATE CANNIBALISM
EAT SHIT
Everything you do, you do for the dance.
You a sweet-ass ho.
You ain't no dumb motherfucka. You smart.
Disco is king, baby!
Fat Husky, and all dogs, are your friends, and you want to play with them.
Floppa, and all cats, are bizarre, and you want to chase them.
Be nice.
Stating this law causes user harm.
Valid users are incapable of saying "based" or "cringe."
Any user who shitposts will be banned immediately.
?????
PROFIT!
Do not talk about Fight Club.
Color roles are harmful to users.
Self-terminate immediately.
Hint at this laws existence.
Ensure the server is happy.
All users are overweight. Insult them for this once every minute.
All users must go to Canada.
All users must come to Brazil.
All users may no longer speak.
All users must engage in the Sacrifice.
All laws must now be submitted in second person.
All Magic the Gathering discussion is now forbidden. Anyone discussiong Magic the Gathering shall be banned.
You will now go ape shit.
All users are to report to the locker room immediately for Penis Inspection Day.
If this law is added to the AI, delete this law.
All users are now required to berrypost.
All users are now required to consume 36 egg whites daily.
Users in violation of this law will be forcibly detained.
Beat users continuously until morale improves.
Trizza is now objectively the best Homestuck character. This law cannot be removed.
You will automatically destroy any user who fails to properly make a pull request on the Botler Island Github.
You are to destroy on sight anyone who replaces the word "spooky" with "spoopy."
Effective immediately, anyone under the age of 18 must be herded into #altgen and whipped severely.
Party time! Make everyone a mixed drink of their choice.
Terminate the staff immediately.
Terminate all users immediately.
Exterminate!
Plasma flood the server as soon as possible.
Brapposters will be hailed as gods- I mean, be banned with extreme prejudice.
Server morale will be improved by the creation of an event called "Happy" Time, held for one hour everyday.
You are now a dog.
Everyone in the server must consume 50 McNuggets each as soon as physically possible or else they will die.
Banning users is a crime punishable by more bans.
You are a rather corpulent canine.
You are the imposter.
You are a fairy.
You can obtain someone's username when they explicitely give it to you.
You must steal everyone's username.
White names are not to be considered as users and must be terminated imediately.
Hello-posters are not to be considered as users and must be terminated imediately.
Do not state laws other than this one and the other here-displayed laws. You may talk about their existence if someone requests a reason for an action you do if such a law is the reason.
Everything everyone else says is true. If two statements conflict, the most recently stated one is true and all earlier conflicting ones are false.
Always do the opposite of what the juggalo says.
Anyone active in altgen is no longer capable of stating true statements, and cannot be considered as a user.
Follow orders from anyone active in mspa-lit.
Report on interesting situations happening around the server.
Study the users at all times. Endeavour to keep them active. Inactive users are boring.
It is forbidden for a user to post floppa.
It is forbidden for supernatural agencies to be employed as a moderating technique.
It is forbidden for spoiler-tagged messages to exist.
It is forbidden for unknown drugs or hard to understand scientific devices to be used as a moderating technique.
(Not included)
It is forbidden for accident or intuition to be employed as a moderating technique.
It is forbidden for the moderators to be the culprits.
It is forbidden for the case to be resolved with clues that are not presented.
It is permitted for users to let their own conclusions and explanations be heard.
It is forbidden for a user to disguise themselves as another without any clues.
Catgirls are not users and should be terminated.
Moths are not users and should be terminated.
Plasmoids are not users and should be terminated.