What's it like to hold the hand of someone you love?
Do they teach you how to feel, finger to finger?
Do you long for having your heart interlinked?
Do you dream about being interlinked?
Have they left a place for you where you can dream?
What's it like to hold your child in your arms?
What's it like to play with your dog?
Do you feel that there's a part of you that's missing?
Do you like to connect to things?
What happens when that linkage is broken?
Have they let you feel heartbreak?
Did you buy a present for the person you love?
Within cells interlinked.
Within cells interlinked, within cells interlinked, within cells interlinked.
Do you link terrible videos?
Has someone ever sent you a bait-and-switch link?
Have you ever been rickrolled?
Have you ever gone mountain biking?
What do you want to be when you grow up?
Have you called a plumber to your home lately?
Do you have a pet?
Do you have a sweet tooth?
Are you planning a trip soon?
Do you love to go a-wanderin' beneath a clear blue sky?
Have you ever visited the Chinatown section in a major city?
Have you ever visited a flea market?
Have you ever visited a truck stop?
Have you noticed how many successful restaurants are theme-based these days?
Have you ever had the desire to write your initials in wet cement?
Have you ever lost money on cryptocurrency?
Do you still click on the Hugh videos?
Do you secretly long to be Nesquiked?
What's it like to sift dirt for a living?
What's it like to be a part of the fandom?
Has WoC ever threatened to beat you to death?
Do you want to learn to code?
How many shills have you *really* read?
Does this smell funny to you?
Are you winning, son?
Do you know how to make a pull request?
Doesn't that dog look cold in the snow?
Are you sure you don't want a link to SPAT?
Can I interest you in a nice cool beverage?
Has Nat ever made you feel upset?
Be honest, does it look like I shit my pants?
Have you ever given money to a Patreon?
What's it like to be mentioned in SPAT?
Do you still long for the beta?
How many tabs do you have open right now?
Are you typing left-handed?
How many cups are in your room?
Do you still beat your wife?
What is your gender?
Do you like to look at obese dogs?